1.12    2005-12-18

- Explicitly turn off negative epoch testing on VMS.  Change #24310
from bleadperl, Craig Berry.

- In the test suite when checking on whether negative epochs are
allowed, use 3 days before the epoch as a test, because just one hour
before may give false positives (for example on Win32 with the Borland
compiler).

- Reverted an earlier change that slightly extended the range of
values for which timelocal worked (by about a day in either direction)
because it could cause an incorrect answer for certain epoch values on
the date of a DST change.  Reported by Gisle Aas.


1.11    2005-02-09

- Try to make detection of supported epoch range a little smarter.
The detection was allowing negative epochs on Win32 but apparently
this doesn't work, and trying to pass a pre-epoch date in just causes
a lot of warnings.  This silences warnings during the tests on
windows.


1.10    2004-04-20

- Fix compilation failure with older Test.pm (including the versions
shipped with 5.6.1 and earlier perls).  Ticket #6079 on rt.cpan.org.
Patch by somebody who didn't give their name on rt.cpan.org ;)


1.09    2004-04-07

- Fixed a bug in the test suite that led to timegm not getting tested
properly, and timelocal getting tested twice for the same values.


1.08    2004-04-07

- Changed occurences of "UTC" to "GMT" in order to agree with POSIX,
which defines the epoch in terms of GMT.

- Documented the behavior of timelocal() when given a local time that
does not exist (due to a DST change).  Suggested by Nick Ing-Simmons.

- Don't expect edge case tests to pass on AIX 4.3, since the OS is
obselete.  Patch from core passed on my H. Merijn Brand.


1.07_94  2003-12-11

- More changes from Henrik Gulbrandsen to make sure that very large
negative epoch values are handled properly on platforms that can
handle negative epoch values at all.

- Make sure that we really do always return the earliest of two local
times when DST makes conversion from GMT to local time ambiguous.
Again by Henrik.

- Fix a bug that could have occurred if the maximum or minimum integer
size on a platform was divisible by 86,400.  Also by Henrik.


1.07_93  2003-07-23

- Henrik's code explicitly didn't work with negative epoch values,
which is not good.  Now we assume that they are allowed, except on
MacOS, which is known to use an unsigned int for time_t.

- Document that dates before the epoch should work on systems which
support negative epoch values, but that we can't test them because we
don't know _which_ systems support this.


1.07_92  2003-07-23

- Removed tests which relied on the zoneinfo database to be up to date
and accurate in order to pass, since we have absolutely no control
over this whatsoever.  I hate external dependencies.


1.07_91  2003-07-22

- Henrik refined his edge case fix to work on Win32, which apparently
dislikes large negative signed ints.  Tests now pass on Win32.  More
testing on other platforms is appreciated.

- Documented Time::Local's behavior when timelocal is called with an
ambiguous local time.  Some local times occur twice on the same day
because a DST change causes the clock to move backwards one earlier.
See "Ambiguous Local Times" in the docs for more details.  Closes
perlbug 7822.

- Removed the statement under "BUGS" that the proclivity to croak() is
probably a bug.  It's not a bug, and it sure isn't going to change at
this point in time, anyway!


1.07_90  2003-07-15

- Fixed behavior for edge cases like timegm(gmtime(0x7FFF_FFFF)),
which should work even on platforms where time_t is signed.  Patch
from Henrik Gulbrandsen.


1.07  2003-06-10

- Set INSTALLDIRS=perl in Makefile.PL, as suggested by Michael
Schwern, who heard it from Sergio Brandano.


1.06  2003-06-04

- A bug in the handling of negative offsets from UTC could lead to the
return of invalid times during a DST transition.  This is from a patch
by Dave Mitchell currently in bleadperl.  See
http://bugs6.perl.org/rt2/Ticket/Display.html?id=19393 for details.
Thanks to Rafael Garcia-Suarez for pointing this out to me.

- Updated the AUTHORS section to include the actual authors.  Thanks
to Graham Barr for telling me who there are.

- Added SUPPORT section which tells people to use bugs.perl.org or
perlbug, since I read p5p and I want to make sure that the core and
this code stay in sync.

- Clarified docs to say that dates before the system's epoch may or
may not work, because POSIX only requires support for positive time_t
values.


1.05  2003-06-03

This version is nearly identical to version 1.04, which is included in
the Perl core, but it removes the use of "our" in order to make the
code backwards compatible with Perl 5.00503.  It probably works with
earlier versions of Perl as well, but I don't have anything earlier
than 5.00503 installed.

Changes made from the core version include:

- Packaged for distribution on CPAN.

- Added an AUTHOR section to the docs.

- Clarified some points in the docs, particularly the fact that this
module uses the local system's epoch, not the Unix epoch, contrary to
what the documentation suggests.

- Disabled tests for timelocal.pl Perl4 library since it's not
included in standalone distribution.
